the taliban agreed to give
uh
a truce and let these planes fly in and
fly everyone out so in the middle of the
night about 2 a.m
six carrier claims were
filled with just roots of military
slaughters it's just really intense
scene of hundreds of people kind of
packing in and trying to climb onto
these you see them now happening in
kabul but then surprises military units
basically like fighting for their lives
to get out of there
what happened someone set up us the bond
we get signaled
main screen turn on
it's you how are you gentlemen
all your days are belong to us
you are on the way to destruction what
you say
you have no chance to survive make your
time
all your face your face face face
all your face
don't belong to us
all your face your face face face
all your face
don't belong to us
all your face your face your face your
face
all your faces you don't belong to us
all your face your face
belong to us
[Music]
do
all your days are based today
you don't belong to us
[Music]
lose the war
the war
[Music]
so i'm going to show you a thread this
is from someone who uh from this twitter
thread uh
did two tours
if we were to believe the twitter thread
did two tours in afghanistan she said i
know how bad the taliban is
i know what they do to women and women
and little boys i know what they're
going to do to the interpreters and the
people who cooperated us with us it's
awful it's bad
but we are leaving and all i feel is
grim relief
afghanistan is a dusty beige nightmare
of a place full of proud brave people
who did not effing want us there
we called them hajjis and worse
and they were better than we were
braver and stronger and smarter
muhammad
[Music]
they have what you can't buy or train
they have patience and bloody mindedness
that warrants more respect than we ever
gave them
i am team get the f out of afghanistan
which as a friend pointed out to me
today has always been team taliban
it's team taliban or team stay forever
there is no third team
my new book is about
what i call
fascist islamism
we have to call the things by their name
this islamism that we are facing today
has
exactly
the same characteristics
as uh
all the fascisms we've known uh
among history
through a history sorry from my english
if you consider
islamism
it has
it has a
uniform
it has visual character characteristics
it has
ready to talk ready to think sorry
i don't know how to say this ready-made
thoughts yeah
really make the
thoughts uh it it it is based on that
idea that there is
um
community
that is
persecuted
and
this community have to organize itself
and resist against this uh
persecution
it is uh an ideology the that is built
uh um on uh
the inferiority of women it is also a
fascism because it is against arts and
against the intellectuals it hates the
others it is a fascism and
many people now i are trying to explain
to us that this fascism will we don't
have to fight it because it is the
culture
[Music]